Were you successful it was kind of advanced really normal anguage you stuff but kind of something we
haven't done yet in the course so let's now do it together in the services folder.
I will create a news service called settings and in those newly created file I'll simply export a class
named setting's service in there.
I want to have a private property which will name all the background and it's false initially here.
I want to now be able to switch this.
So I was set add a method set background and I expect to get information if I want to switch it on or
not.
So all this is old and this simply is a boolean.
Then I want to set this all background equal to is all.
So if we now switch or if we call this method of pass true we're setting this to true our otherwise
but setting a false.
I'm also already implementing a chat check although it is old background you could name it does use
all Baghran whatever you want.
And here is simply return this on background.
This allows you to check if it is set to True or false.
This is the service now in the settings file here in the settings typed file in on toggle I want to
exorcise service in order to be able to access it.
I will provide it in the app module because I will use it in different places in the app.
Here are provide my settings service.
Make sure to also add the import at the top your and with that provided.
And these settings start.
TS file.
I can now injected.
So in the constructor all unchecked settings.
Service like this and also add the import of course and with that service object that in the on Pongal
Meffert.
It's now time to use the settings service to call set background and to set it equal to toggle checked.
So this switch will switch to Fahd's if we switch to target default and the other way around.
I also want to implement check Allt background method.
Your and you will see why we need a second here.
I want to get access to my settings service and call its old all background and simply return this as
a result of this method and we do need this method here.
In our age Tim alfalfa follow the settings.
Of course we all want to display the current state of this because imagine we switched us on.
Then we leave the page and therefore is destroyed.
Maybe not kept around the cache and we come back later and now it would start at the unchecked state
again even though in the service it is checked.
So we would not be able to uncheck it because it already has unchecked so do get my point.
It's then not working correctly we're not seeing the current state.
Therefore Thankfully I talk or does not only emit an event.
It also takes input.
ID offers us to bind a property to the checked property.
We can set this to true or false or of course to be a result of our check or Bakra method because this
will return true or false.
In the end.
So here I will check all background.
And now what this does is it makes sure that we always set the toggle to the currently stored state
to state stored in our service.
Now with this in place let's save this and see if this works.
Before we done in the next lecture actually add our alternative background.
So in the settings now if I switch this on and I go to some other pages click on this here do some other
work and then I come back to the settings.
You see it's still switched on because it's correctly stored in the service and correctly passed to
the checked property.
With that let's actually implement our alternative background.
The next section